1. Regenerate dependencies.  
make clean
make > b.com
edit b.com to remove optimization and replace -o with -MF and change the .o name to .i.
Add -MM.
source b.,com
compare the dependencies to those in Makefile.am.
-- no changes

2. Check and update header file dependencies in Makefile.am.
aclocal 
autoconf 
automake --add-missing 
./configure 
-- git status shows no changes.

source makeothermakefiles.com --SKIP
make clean -- DONE
make -j 8 -f Makefile.opt 2> warn.txt --DONE
Check in the results.  -- NO  CHANGES
strip textmidi smustextmidi textmidicgm miditext -- DONE
As root: make install -- DONE

Read warn.txt.  There can be a handful of unused arguments.
-- 3 warnings , unused arguments,   no action.

3. source cpplint.com
sed -i -f cpplint.sed cpplintout.txt
Examine cpplintout.txt.
-- DONE, no warnings left after the sed eliminated some

4.  Run cppcheck.com
Review cppcheckout.txt.
-- reduced scope of had_status2.

5. Run a test with miditext.cc #define DEBUG_THREADLESS -- SKIP ; i ran threadless in debugging.
just before it's tested.
make clean
make -f Makefile.opt
strip textmidi smustextmidi textmidicgm miditext
sudo make install

5b.
cd test
./textmidiroundtriptest.py classical_archivesshort.txt

Restore the threaded version: git checkout miditext.cc

5.5 rebuild --DONE
make clean
make -f Makefile.opt
strip textmidi smustextmidi textmidicgm miditext
sudo make install --DONE

6. cd test
./roundtriptests.bash
All test and binary comparisons should be identical.
--DONE, PASSED all 100%

6.5
cd example/textmidicgm/Demo2026
make
--DONE exeption in range check of MIDI program.  Fixed.

7. source chorded.com
All files are to be identical.
DONE -- all 3 identical

7.5 source hires.com
vimdiff hires.txt hiresout.txt

8. cd test; source eventtests.com
Some input is abbreviated as in "BREATH 1 0x40" (and in hexadecimal),
but the output is as a CONTROL statement with decimal:
CONTROL 1 BREATH 64.
--DONE , reviewed.

8.5   cd test
source hires.com
vimdiff -o hires
It is expected that:
  for pan values, some values will convert to LEFT, CENTER, RIGHT.
  Other control values that are hexadecimal (0x45) will convert to decimal.
-- pan numbers on the left are rendered symbolically on the right
   if they are max and min values as RIGHT and LEFT, respectively.
-- hexadecimal on the left becomes decimal on the right.  Can check with bc -l, then obase 16.
-- output matches input with above conversions.
-- DONE

9. cd test; source textmidicgmtest.com
(Note that the first track is a tempo track only.)
textmidicgmtest_arrangements.txt 
    Check for the two voices (in the second and third tracks) alternating playing every 10 seconds each.
    -- PASS
textmidicgmtest_base.txt
    Check for a tempo of 60 on a beat of 1/4.
    The first rhythms in the second track should be 1/4 ("4").
    -- PASS
textmidicgmtest_halfbeat.txt
    Check for a tempo of 60 on a beat of 1/2.
    The first rhythms in the second track should be 1/2.
    -- PASS
textmidicgmtest_pulse4.txt
    Check that the rhythms in the second track are multiples of 1/16 notes.
    (Such as 8, 16, 8.)
    -- PASS
textmidicgmtest_tempo90.txt
    Check for a TIME_SIGNATURE 6 8 720 and TEMPO 40 3/8. 
    Check that the tempo track rests are dotted halves (for 6/8).
    Check that the rhythms in the second track are 1/4.
    (1/4 is one second for 3/8 = M.M. 40 and the max note length
     is 1 second.)
    -- PASS

10.  After executing this test sequence, compile with clang.
Report step 6 through 9.
-- SKIPPED

11. ./testtextmidiformedit.bash
Follow printed instructions at each step.
-- PASS, fixed exception in handling of beat size.

12. ./testtextmidicgm.bash
Follow the directions in the console window.
-- DONE

12.1  Check that TextMidiFormEdit.py runs properly on both Windows and linux.
-- DONE

13. For SMUS conversion: source sacre.com
musescore sacre_sacrifice.mid
timidity -invvvt -Os sacre_sacrifice.mid
Should be the Sacrificial Dance of Stravinksy's The Rite of Spring.
source sacre_clean.com
-- REVIEWED

14.  Then edit version.sed and version.bash to upgrade both the
new and old version numbers.

./version.bash
./buildkit.bash
-- DONE

Check in the changed files.
git status > ci.com; edit ci.com to just have the changed files with "git add " in front of them.
run ci.com
git commit -m "new version TextMIDITools v1.0.99"
-- DONE

15. 
cd 
cp -an textmiditools-1.0.nn temp-1.9.nn
cd temp-1.9.nn
aclocal
autoconf
automake --add-missing
./configure
make
and watch for a successful build of textmidi, miditext, textmidicgm, and smustextmidi.
-- accidentally did it in the kit area and will run buildkit again.

16. Update pdfs and copy them to the kit area.

texi2pdf miditext.texi
texi2pdf smustextmidi.texi
texi2pdf textmidicgm.texi
texi2pdf TextMidiFormEdit.texi
texi2pdf textmidi.texi
cp miditext.texi smustextmidi.texi textmidicgm.texi TextMidiFormEdit.texi textmidi.texi ~/textmiditools-1.x.x/

--DONE

